hello again everybody oh my gosh time
for addendum number two addendum to the
addendum oh okay so it's just pointed
out to me that the person who pointed
out to me that I'd played wrong I
misread what they said and it turns out
I didn't really play that wrong after
all the only thing I got wrong was you
still have to pay all your actions to
deploy several ships you can just do it
all at once and so in the run-through
when I spent three actions and three
energy to deploy to snub fighters and a
grunt that was correct I could have just
done it all in one turn but it would
still have taken me three action points
and in the run-through I just did it
over three turns spending one action
point apiece which means in the end
result it all comes out in the wash and
while i was definitely playing slightly
wrong I guess I gotta take back what I
said before I think I was still playing
close enough to where that was a minor
goof as opposed to a major goof and yet
I jump to conclusions immediately posted
a video post it all over the place how
much I goofed up and now I have actually
made things immeasurably worse oh my
gosh oh this has not been a lovely
friday evening for me let me tell you
but enough about my problems anyway
there it is folks addendum number two
also you know there's a few other goofs
like somebody pointed out that in a
two-player game you don't draw
necessarily six cards you draw until
this whatever you know I mean those are
the kind of little things that I goof up
in the video and i just put annotations
on because they don't fundamentally
change how the way the game plays I
thought I had made a fundamental
game-changing error but it turns out I
didn't it turns out I wasn't as much of
an idiot as I thought and I mostly read
the rules right just a slight little
tick I can I can deploy multiple things
on one turn but it still cost me the
same number of actions so please please
please for the most part disregard my
previous statement and I'll stick with
my original final thoughts my which was
that while it's a very neat game Jen and
I thought it was very smart very
clever and I can certainly see why a lot
of people love it for us it's just too
overbearing and the mistake i thought i
made was not enough of a mistake to
really change the way we feel about the
game so i apologize everybody please go
about your business and can we just
never speak of this again because i was
mortified now i am so beyond mortified
it's not even funny this is what i get
for making snap judgments at you know
1030 on a friday night here in malta and
not actually stopping to I was just so
panicked when I thought I'd gone to
think sore eyes want to get the word out
there and now I've immeasurably made
things worse again for the second time
today I will apologize to Stephen
bonocore of stronghold games and Andrew
parks for royally messing up what should
have been a pretty straightforward
run-through of a very nice streamlined
straightforward game that I have somehow
managed to I'm gonna go to bed now sorry
again folks after I get this uploaded
talk to you soon have a very very nice
day you ever have one of those days I'm
having one of those days okay bye-bye